Team leader - 

Ideas for connecting with customers

How do you raise customer awareness? How can customers evaluate your offerings? 

Africa doesn't have many businesses like us, so we would sort of be a monopoly for a while. Us providing cards to buy things online is a modern
day necessity. Customer awareness would sort of spread by word of mouth as we are the only company offering the product. They could evaluate our 
products through their normal banks that they have been using.

How do they purchase from you? How do you deliver value? How do you provide support?

We would work with banks so we would be bought from a bank. We would provide 24/7 support lines and mail, plus we'd partner with
their local banks. 
Our main goal is to provide the cards so that things can be bought online in a quick and orderly manner. Value is 
provided because they currently can't buy things online efficiently and we would be the first company to give our 
customers that ability.

Then describe how you would maintain customer relationships with your customer segments. 

We would gain feeback from our custormers in the form of a survey of some sorts. Start a mailing list to let our custormers
know what's going on. We'd also gain feedback through our partner banks, if customers come to them with an issue they could relay
the information to us.

What type of relationship do your customers expect from your organization?
We want a professional relationship where we can trust the card owners and the card owners can trust us. They just want us to
give them a quality product that works as advertised.

Can you use these relationships to acquire, retain, and upsell customer segments? 

Yes, we can acquire customers as the country develops, because we would have been there for a while so we would have
brand power. If we deliver quality, reliable products then our customers will reward us with their continued business.
The more customers we can get, the more we can provide.

Consider direct personal assistance (either online or in person), self-service, automated services, user communities, etc.
While describing these approaches to interacting with your customer segments, make sure that they fit clearly within your business idea.

We would have phone centers, a mail center, and 24/7 online support to maximize support. We need everyone to understand what we provide
and how we can help them. As previously stated, we could work with the local banks to get actual word of mouth recommendations and issues.
